Add VMR Repository Onboarding Guide (#2635)
dotnet/dotnet: docs/Repository-Onboarding.md

### Repository Requirements

- Repository is a dependency of the .NET product (e.g. a dependency of the SDK)
- Repository is onboarded to the [Arcade SDK](https://github.com/dotnet/arcade/blob/main/Documentation/StartHere.md)
  - If not, see if it can be added via an [external source-build-reference-package](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build-reference-packages/blob/main/README.md#external)
- Repository is compatible with [source build](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build/blob/main/Documentation/sourcebuild-in-repos/README.md)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet/issues/new/choose) tracking this work and mention [@dotnet/product-construction](https://github.com/orgs/dotnet/teams/product-construction)

## Onboarding Steps

### Step 1: Configure Source Mappings

Add your repository to `/src/source-mappings.json` and open a PR to merge the change.
For detailed configuration options, see [Repository Source Mappings](./VMR-Full-Code-Flow.md#repository-source-mappings).

### Step 2: Define the Darc Code Flow Subscriptions

Define the appropriate Darc [code flow subscriptions](./Codeflow-PRs.md).

> After defined manually trigger the backflow subscription via [Maestro](https://maestro.dot.net)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After defined manually trigger the forward flow subscription via `darc` or [Maestro](https://maestro.dot.net/subscriptions).
```

> After defined manually trigger the backflow subscription via [Maestro](https://maestro.dot.net)

Author: Fixed with https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet/pull/2635/commits/f3134986fc1dcd4fb8c95c7604f3ebbdbacc72ae

### Step 3: Create Repository Project File

> Once the code flows into the VMR, create `/repo-projects/<your-repo-name>.proj` to define build behavior.

Reviewer: Right. Could those be PR commits? Didn't it happen before (with LLVM? or testfx?) that we started integrating it and found out it doesn't work well?
Would we risk ingesting something large just to throw it away?

  - If not, see if it can be added via an [external source-build-reference-package](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build-reference-packages/blob/main/README.md#external)
- Repository is compatible with [source build](https://github.com/dotnet/source-build/blob/main/Documentation/sourcebuild-in-repos/README.md)
- Open an [issue](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet/issues/new/choose) tracking this work and mention [@dotnet/product-construction](https://github.com/orgs/dotnet/teams/product-construction)

## Onboarding Steps

### Step 1: Configure Source Mappings

Add your repository to `/src/source-mappings.json` and open a PR to merge the change.
For detailed configuration options, see [Repository Source Mappings](./VMR-Full-Code-Flow.md#repository-source-mappings).

### Step 2: Define the Darc Code Flow Subscriptions

Define the appropriate Darc [code flow subscriptions](./Codeflow-PRs.md).
After defined manually trigger the forward flow subscription via `darc` or [Maestro](https://maestro.dot.net/subscriptions).

> This will open a [VMR PR](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+%22Source+code+updates%22) that brings in the repo's source code.

Author: Addressed with https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet/pull/2635/commits/536891a4c1e99b6144ac750117b2141a65a6e404.

Before merging, ensure the binary and license policies are satisfied:

#### Step 2a: Ensure no Checked in Binaries

The VMR has restrictions on checked-in binaries.
PR and CI validation exists to ensure the [binary policy](./VMR-Permissible-Sources.md#binary-policy) is satisfied.
If the code flow PR is green, the repo complies with the binary policy.

#### Step 2b: Validate OSS Compliant Licenses

The VMR has restrictions on allowed licenses.

> Before the code flow PR is merged, queue a run of the [license scan pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=1301&_a=summary) (internal Microsoft link) to validate the repo complies with the [license policy](./VMR-Permissible-Sources.md#license-policy).

Reviewer 2: This should be targeting the unofficial pipeline since this will need to be done on a private branch.

```suggestion
Before the code flow PR is merged, queue a run of the [license scan pipeline](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/internal/_build?definitionId=1490) (internal Microsoft link) to validate the repo complies with the [license policy](./VMR-Permissible-Sources.md#license-policy).
```
